DOCS-1278: Add clearer requirements for movement sensor stack with navigation (#2047)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/navigation/_index.md

It uses GPS to autonomously navigate a rover [base](/components/base/) to user defined endpoints called waypoints.
Configure your base with a navigation service, add waypoints, and set the mode of the service to [**Waypoint**](#setmode) to move your rover along a defined path at your desired motion configuration.

## Requirements

You must configure a [base](/components/base/) with [movement sensors](/components/movement-sensor/) as part of your robot to configure a Navigation service.

> Configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [Movement Sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):

Author: ```suggestion
Configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):
```

> Configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [Movement Sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):

Reviewer: In a requirements section we're not telling the reader what to do, but merely requiring it. 
```suggestion
The configured movement sensors must satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [Movement Sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):
```

Alternatively you could do something like "To satisfy the requirements for the navigation service, you need to configure movement sensors that..."

> Configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the navigation service, configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):
```

Author: Done!

> To use the navigation service, configure a stack of movement sensors that satisfy the following requirements in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):

Reviewer: Sorry - I know I already changed this once 🙈 but this might make it clearer
```suggestion
To use the navigation service, configure a stack of movement sensors that implement the following methods in their {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="models'" >}} implementations of the [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api):
```

- [`GetPosition()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getposition)
- [`GetAngularVelocity()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getangularvelocity)
- [`GetLinearVelocity()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getlinearvelocity)

> - At least one of [`GetCompassHeading()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getcompassheading) or [`GetOrientation()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getorientation). If your movement sensor stack provides multiple methods, your robot will default to using the values returned by `GetCompassHeading()`.

Author: ```suggestion
- At least one of [`GetCompassHeading()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getcompassheading) or [`GetOrientation()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getorientation). If your movement sensor stack provides multiple methods, your robot will default to using the values returned by `GetCompassHeading()`.
```
@raybjork or @Fahmina -- is this still accurate?

Reviewer 2: I think technically this is still accurate but we will be deprecating this in the future.  From a documentation perspective the only thing we should be advertising to users is that CompassHeading is the necessary function.

Author: Ok, sounds good! Updating

> - At least one of [`GetCompassHeading()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getcompassheading) or [`GetOrientation()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getorientation). If your movement sensor stack provides multiple methods, your robot will default to using the values returned by `GetCompassHeading()`.

Author: ```suggestion
- [`GetCompassHeading()`](/components/movement-sensor/#getcompassheading)
```
